How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Spotting differences is a lot easier.The changes that were made could be identified including typos as well.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Comparison between various versions would help improve as a developer.Easy to spot where optimization is required.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
    Commits must be saves whenever a logical change is made.It eases the work of a developer to analyze the changes and updation made in the previous versions.If the commits are not saved frequently, it may result in tedious workload for the developer to spot the bugs.Very frequent versions causes many versions causing confusions and results in many versions.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Files in a repository are inter-dependant and require them for proper functioning.For example, when a html file and a css file makes up a repository,it makes sense only when they are treated together rather than treating them separately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    It enables us to view all the versions and the changes made so far.git log helps in viewing all the versions and git diff is used to compare two versions by simply typing in the version ids.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It helps find the version with the bugs.It also helps us navigate between various versions in order to spot the bugs,hich would be impossible manually.Modifications can be made without the fear of losing progress making programmers confident.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To explore previous versions to spot bugs,to make commits for future references,to find differences between two versions,to code effeciently and to grow as a developer.
